Let's take a look as a packaging command we're running to pack a Spring Boot application.
So let's try to use Maven Plugin to package our application.
So the package command actually runs a test first before generating a snapshot.
Before that, we want a clean build.
So we do a clean to remove the target we generate before.
We have a unit tests for our Spring Boot application here,
and I'm making that fail so that you can see the process our
packaging if in case of unit test failure.
So let's run it. Let's run the package.
So you can see the test is running first before we even generate the snapshot.
So we run the packaging command and we have
one failure in our unit tests as you can see over here.
So the snapshot is now generated because the process
is stopped if there's failure in the unit test.
So let's fix our unit test and try it again.
So again, we want to do a clean packaging.
So we run a clean combat first.
So let's try to package the command again.
So as you can see,
the test is running and there is no failure and big success,
and you will see a snapshot generated for our application.
That's it for the packaging.
In the next video, I'm going to show you how to run the snapshot.